Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- What are your initial impressions of how `Association` affects your programming?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

My initial impressions of how association affects my program is that I'm still not entirely sure how it works. I understand how train and engine have a composition in that I understand that if the engine is destroyed, the train can no longer be a train since it will not be able to go. However, I think I'm still a little unsure about how destroying the train would destroy the engine as well? Couldn't I create a new engine object using the Engine class? I think I am oversimplifying it in my head, so I need to think some more about this in the upcoming assignments. Otherwise, I think I understand the relationships between other factors that make up the train somewhat well and I see how it impacts programming because I had to think about how to set things up such that they would still be able to exist, or be able to be used by other classes. 

I think this assignment went pretty well for me. It definitely felt much easier to actually start, and I think that was in large part thanks to the detailed readme file. By starting at the sort of lowest level, it was easier for me to think about my other classes rather than scrambling back and forth between them. I think one of the more difficult aspects was simply trying to see how it actually ran, since there's so many parts to test. I tried to do some simple tests in the train class but I'm sure there was a much better way to do so. For someone taking this course in the future I would definitely recommend reading the readme file several times through and trying to familiarize yourself with the different aspects that you need to include. It is one thing to say "oh i know i need an accessor for my maximum fuel level" and to know how it will be used later on. 